you 're not planning on staying long , are you ?
let 's get some coffee .
i ' m tough and you 're gon na hate me .
you can take a bullet for an insult to the germans .
you 're the guy who 's lucky .
you are not gon na make me beg .
the turk fell for a trap .
it is an amazing feeling .
you 're afraid you 're gon na get caught .
you wo n't have to breastfeed her son , sofia .
an original vampire ca n't kill anything .
why have you chased the person ?
we did n't determine the exact amount .
that 's how thomas had a big hat .
i got the acceptance letter from emmanuel university .
thunder 11 , i have located three objectives .
a layer of solid protection .
i arrest you in the name of the queen !
there 're my friends !
the mate stared at him for a moment and no one was able to speak one word .
the competition does n't have sex .
garber did n't make that mistake .
the delegate from phocis asked a vital question .
he will be on his way back tonight .
he 's an architect .
those ships are no cruise ships .
anything strange about this ?
sounds like they 're killing someone .
i wo n't eat .
i am not feeling any better because of your sorry .
did mr . paddick dance too ?
we walked into a bloody ambush !
it seemed even as if his moustache were hanging .
now you 're killing my movie .
we 're ambushed !
he 's playing a crazy scientist who 's gon na destroy the whole city .
we should buy something .
make him aware of noga 's emotional and physical condition .
all you got ta do is sit there looking mysterious .
this is a terrible day .
in this context , three situations are distinguished :
that depends on his mood .
you should have made sure there would n't be any violence .
i like it because it looks great .
an old female is charged with having a sexual relationship with an underage male .
i ' m just gon na pull a shifter out of my butt .
i 'd better drink .
the bishop showed no response to that statement .
every man who bites a dog is executed .
do n't talk like an idiot .
let 's buy something .
thanks to him , the cia had this on file .
we 're out of air .
asian visas have been flagged .
an s.r.p .
today you have a contract ...
i do n't think anyone will catch the doorman sleeping .
he 's a traitor punishable by the law of the empire .
when they settle down , they start serenading their females .
the machine does n't have any .
i ca n't disclose any army affairs .
just everybody relax .
you brought dollar bills ?
an error is not necessarily a failure .
she 's waving money like sheik oman .
mclennen - forster was the leading project for an army of non - killing weapons .
any decent cockroach would avoid this kind of motel .
have you ever gotten really mad at anyone ?
a powerful restorative energy emerged out of love .
this rifle is good too .
you wan na grab some dinner ?
relax .
these women are bloody ignorant fools .
grandma , let dr . lo do his job .
let 's use the other elevators .
no protection for him .
on sovereign territory , did you invite a foreign army ?
there is a powerful healing energy that emanates from loving .
she has been accused of stealing from her company and it 's very serious .
did anyone see anything ?
i did not harm your child .
pick jasmine before dawn .
according to ballistics , betty was shot by our friend here .
anger was born of pain .
retreats do not win battles .
she and langdon exchanged puzzled glances .
you ca n't save anyone here .
i believe dolores did everything like she has done for years .
idiot , can you see the whitefish ?
they could fire us .
i think it might work if i did n't make some stupid mistakes .
have you not heard his majesty 's orders ?
we 'll put you in the schedule for that in four to six weeks .
it scares everyone .
stop the fucking bitch !
the safety of customers is your responsibility , right ?
the failure of your pupils is your failure .
to the firing positions !
put innocent lives at risk ?
would he mind lending me his razor ?
requests to return the turnover tax from different customers were rejected .
does n't he mean negotiation ?
you guys met linda bloom at the barbecue ?
he is approached by tom howard .
flechcttes strike his helmet and legs .
we did n't solve a lot of technical glitches .
i hope it was n't the plumbing ?
it 's terrible for a man like tom van to end up like that .
let 's sleep .
he soothed the wild animals .
looks like she wrote a book on driving .
there is a barrenger molesting little girls .
do you want to play football ?
the arrival of the enemies was in a few seconds .
i do n't throw things ...
it 's going to turn into another vague rumor like the supposed alien in hangar 18 .
many people doubted such investments at the time .
she made me steal from the treasury .
did you ever hear of it ?
how can i scare him ?
we only have to be separated for ten more weeks .
it has a job description like the job descriptions of janitors .
did you know you have been dead ?
project grants are as follows :
so do n't waste your time .
two weeks , that 's not enough time for nothing .
why do n't we argue at the courthouse ?
we designed this as a gift for you .
the rocks were rough , burning their hands like molten iron .
she had a strange dream .
do you want me to spank towels at your ass ?
what are we gon na charge this kid with ?
it happens in marriages .
he looked me in the eye and i felt like he was looking at my brain .
when you give it to me , i 'll correct my mistake .
do you want to go to dinner ?
got a weird call from some woman .
damage resulting from the removal of the wreck is also expressly listed .
replace the word with current choice
one woman from woodburne reported her husband disappeared .
i got tired of your night visits .
his husband finally found her behind one of the toilets .
if you are lucky , it may turn out you 're right .
no demon can hurt you while this blade is at your hip .
nobody 's too good to be a salesman .
you owe me a hundred bucks for cleaning up the car .
remember , you 're likely to miss out on 5 feet .
intermittent bursts are used .
let 's get the ice and cups ready .
as long as you have this blade at your hip , no demonic force will hurt you .
hard girls are nothing for you .
everything is yours .
boss .
the sniper rifle is going to determine the success of the operation .
so you did n't see her ?
capitalist countries could then easily justify economic dominance using that kind of thinking .
miracles end .
he works for a department in new york .
we 're giving you a solo task .
is everything all right ?
laundry hangs from windows , kids play football .
let me grab a couple of shots .
i ' m not coming out of this bathroom until everyone stops acting crazy .
get any descriptions ?
his eyelids fluttered slightly .
you 're a man with luck .
you have a lovely dress .
it looks like you ' ve got funny thoughts on your mind .
the coffee is dripping .
his security 's on full alert .
all of london has been sealed off with all the residents in there .
baseball 's first league is based on my thinking .
let 's get the chopper up .
and professor kang was the coroner .
you ca n't even talk about it anymore ?
you do n't want me to beg you .
a declaration of war does not necessarily mean we 'd attack the people and soldiers of those countries .
we 're evacuating the entire area .
trying to break mayan 's record meant some kind of suicide .
i ' ve heard terrible shrieks and gruesome waivers .
the son of a bitch came back .
the envoy have no present need for a commander .
that 's like learning to ride a bike .
he would get ill if he did n't beat a japanese daily .
it 's hydarn 's fault !
ms . honeychurch will marry mr . vyse in january .
it 's blood color , but it 's a wine from europe .
views only change the appearance of the information .
the risks for him are big .
his son was believed to have died in a terrorist attack .
he must dig a pit .
she was probably left in the box in grandmother 's barn .
i wo n't give them the oil price .
let 's take shots .
i had a dream about you yesterday
do n't be an asshole .
that would be appreciated .
there 's definitely an error .
` ` what the hell am i saying ? ''
file failed to verify
oh , so i ' m stupid ?
there 're thirty chaillings to be won by him .
the crime he committed is an attempted murder of a judge .
the thing you got was a moisturiser , right ?
you said i would find a wolf where i can find its prey .
he killed animals in front of the audience .
bedtime , sleep time .
you 're not astronauts ?
mr . queen spent his last 5 years alone , cut off from civilization .
that 's going to be tough .
some butchers dare not look in the eyes of a calf .
the fingers appear to have been crushed by repeated blows .
you 're prettier than the most beautiful prince in this outfit .
randy sidles up to tom howard .
it 's about the box .
pain gave birth to rage .
an eternal memorial for remembering the success of the moroc civilization .
this radio sucks .
there 's no air .
it was n't a joke .
it 's an election year .
do n't worry about these things .
like someone was wrong ?
you did n't tell us everything .
it 's exactly the same
are you kidding me ?
enough words .
we 're making great military efforts .
you should n't wait till halfway through , but make sure you kill her right after 30 minutes .
i have every intention of torturing and murdering him .
blame it all on me .
is there a difference now ?
they did n't have a commander .
fifty years ago , the scavengers destroyed our moon .
at the beginning of the 1970s new artists emerged .
jackie reported to gina .
the engine was n't there .
theresa did n't expect peter to think of anything like that .
you wo n't forget that day .
you wo n't stay overnight ?
grass grows out of the tiles on the wall .
that would hurt him and that could hurt me .
i had no idea !
that does not do it !
the bears do n't have rascal ramp .
was that a nose laugh , huh ?
still , i can only find it difficult to forgive myself .
when i saw it , it looked like it had been raided by the fbi .
you 're an idiot .
drop the gun !
we have to huddle together to keep warm .
how weird and funny that is !
the envoy do n't need a captain at this time .
well , let 's get these chairs in here .
they hate fire !
you mean , everything 's mine ?
you mean he was being assisted by somebody ?
i ca n't stop it .
the papers do n't sell .
it was possible that you could have played football for ten years .
you need n't concern yourself with conspiracies .
printer calibration performed successfully .
it does n't look lucky .
do n't give him any more drugs !
got ta use the bathroom .
you wo n't win the battle by retreat .
important divergences emerge on social issues .
the turk was caught in a trap ?
the improvement should focus primarily on removing uncertainty about the possibility of getting help in some types of disasters .
he 's like some sort of god in your story .
this sunday gave us an amazing result board .
she 's a girl scout who watches her grandmother kill the bull .
there is nothing that i ' m afraid of .
everyone thinks it 's funny , except us .
say hello to the greatest fantasy !
let 's get some bread for mr . pontail .
nobody knows that .
is dave gon na play today ?
he did it to feed the thirsty desire of his great brain for self - recognition and alcohol .
heavy locks secured the doors on both sides .
there 's only three of them , it 'll be good practice .
there 's nothing to be afraid of .
i ' m not stopping .
there were muslims killing muslims .
not the drains , i hope ?
i scare him ?
i hear there actually 's a big rain in your film .
that was a really weird day .
everything else ... are just toys .
nights here are different from city nights .
i assume you will go to edo tomorrow .
you 're joking , are n't you ?
is it also your credit , mrs . nehru ?
he did n't abuse me .
garuda headed for the gate and screamed again .
everyone knows about it .
they let him out of prison yesterday .
do you like dancing ?
do n't carry powder in your clothes .
people are not family .
behind the mountain ... 's a shore !
